Why did my mother-in-law come to my company?
Don't think that if you get the certificate, you will really become my daughter-in-law
If Tingchuan is the true dragon in the sky
Then you are a loach on the ground
You'd better know who you are.
Don't call me mother-in-law outside
Not allowed to contact Tingchuan
Then you bitch
This is Lucy.
You've played a good hand with your cheap hoof
Be a secretary
No wonder he refuses to get a divorce
Don't be angry if you dare to stop me.
If there's anything else, go in and talk
What can I say to you?
I'm looking for him.
Haven't seen you in years
You are good at seducing men.
Mrs. Guo
The smell of alcohol at work
Take an elevator and hook up with others
You are so surly, you are not what you think
I was just a little dizzy just now
Assistant Duan helped me
Humph
Who knows if you are really dizzy or fake?
Come to work here
With hickeys
Seduce men regardless of the occasion
You are not at ease
Does he know about me and Mr. Gu?
I'm sorry if you're so shameless
Then I don't want your face.
Stop